0
Ada,A.F. is missed. A,A.F. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2007 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:A Lifetime of Learning to Teach.
 Errors in journal's name, correct is:Journal of Latinos & Education.
 Errors in journal's pages, correct is:pp.103-118.
1
Webber,S. is missed. Web,S. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2007 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:A phenomenographic study of English faculty's conceptions of information literacy.
 Errors in journal's name, correct is:Journal of Documentation.
 Errors in journal's volume and Issue, correct is:[e-journal] 63(2).
Errors in DOI, correct is: https://doi. org/10.1108/00220410710737187.
2
Al-Benna,S. is missed. Benna,S. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2009 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Accuracy of references in burns journals?
 Errors in journal's name, correct is:Burns.
 Errors in journal's pages, correct is:pp.677-680.
3
Behera,R.N. is missed. Be,R.N. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2017 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:A survey on machine learning: concept, algorithms and applications.
 Errors in journal's name, correct is:International Journal of Innovative Research in Computer and Communication Engineering.
 Errors in journal's volume and Issue, correct is:5(2).
4
Seglen,P.O. is missed. Seglen,P. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:1997 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Why the impact factor of journals should not be used for evaluating research.
 Errors in journal's name, correct is:Bmj.
 Errors in journal's volume and Issue, correct is:314(7079).
 Errors in journal's pages, correct is:p.497.
5
Can not identify "Ka, E., 1959." belongs to which part. Please check it.  Component:authorAndYear is miss.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:1959 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Mass communications research and the study of popular culture: An editorial note on a possible future for this journal.
 Errors in journal's name, correct is:Studies in public communication.
 Errors in journal's volume and Issue, correct is:2(1). Errors in journal's pages, correct is:pp.1-6.
6
Kinney,J. is missed. Jeejeebhoy,K. is missed. Kinney,J.K. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:1997 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Nutrition support in clinical practice: review of published data and recommendations for future research directions: summary of a conference sponsored by the National Institutes of Health, American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition, and American Society for Clinical Nutrition.
 Errors in journal's name, correct is:Journal of Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition.
 Errors in journal's pages, correct is:pp.133-156.
7
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In Journal of physics: conference series. Component:authorAndYear is miss.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2018, November .  Errors in conference part, correct is:In Journal of physics: conference series.The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,volumeIssue,pages,publisher
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Machine learning from theory to algorithms: an overview. Errors in conference part, correct is:In Journal of physics: conference series.The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,volumeIssue,pages,publisher
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In Journal of physics: conference series.The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,volumeIssue,pages,publisher
Errors in volume and issue, correct is:Vol. 1142Errors in pages, correct is:p. 012012 Errors in conference part, correct is:In Journal of physics: conference series.The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,volumeIssue,pages,publisher
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In Journal of physics: conference series.Can not identify "IOP g." belongs to which part. Please check it.  Component:publisher is miss.
8
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2016 3rd international conference on computing for sustainable global development (INDIACom). Component:authorAndYear is miss.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2016, March .  Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2016 3rd international conference on computing for sustainable global development (INDIACom).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:A review of supervised machine learning algorithms. Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2016 3rd international conference on computing for sustainable global development (INDIACom).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2016 3rd international conference on computing for sustainable global development (INDIACom).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
Errors in pages, correct is:pp. 1310-1315 Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2016 3rd international conference on computing for sustainable global development (INDIACom).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2016 3rd international conference on computing for sustainable global development (INDIACom).Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:IeeeThe order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
9
Sinanc,D. is missed. anc,D. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &. Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2013 international conference on collaboration technologies and systems (CTS).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2013, May .  Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2013 international conference on collaboration technologies and systems (CTS).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2013 international conference on collaboration technologies and systems (CTS).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Big data: A review. Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2013 international conference on collaboration technologies and systems (CTS).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
Errors in pages, correct is:pp. 42-47 Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2013 international conference on collaboration technologies and systems (CTS).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2013 international conference on collaboration technologies and systems (CTS).Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:IEEEThe order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
10
VandenBergh,J. is missed. Vandeergh,J. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &. Errors in conference part, correct is:In Business Process Management: 5th International Conference, BPM 2007, Brisbane, Australia, September 24-28, 2007.Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Proceedings 5Can not identify "Springer Berlin Heidelberg." belongs to which part. Please check it. 
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2007 .  Errors in conference part, correct is:In Business Process Management: 5th International Conference, BPM 2007, Brisbane, Australia, September 24-28, 2007.Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Proceedings 5Can not identify "Springer Berlin Heidelberg." belongs to which part. Please check it. 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:The process-oriented organisation: a holistic view developing a framework for business process orientation maturity. Errors in conference part, correct is:In Business Process Management: 5th International Conference, BPM 2007, Brisbane, Australia, September 24-28, 2007.Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Proceedings 5Can not identify "Springer Berlin Heidelberg." belongs to which part. Please check it. 
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In Business Process Management: 5th International Conference, BPM 2007, Brisbane, Australia, September 24-28, 2007.Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Proceedings 5Can not identify "Springer Berlin Heidelberg." belongs to which part. Please check it. 
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In Business Process Management: 5th International Conference, BPM 2007, Brisbane, Australia, September 24-28, 2007.Errors in pages, correct is:pp. 1-15Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Proceedings 5Can not identify "Springer Berlin Heidelberg." belongs to which part. Please check it. 
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In Business Process Management: 5th International Conference, BPM 2007, Brisbane, Australia, September 24-28, 2007.Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Proceedings 5Can not identify "Springer Belberg." belongs to which part. Please check it. 
11
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In UNDESA (United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs), 6th Global forum on reinventing government: towards participatory and transparent governance.Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Seoul, Republic of Korea Component:authorAndYear is miss.
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In UNDESA (United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs), 6th Global forum on reinventing government: towards participatory and transparent governance.Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Seoul, Republic of Korea Component:authorAndYear is miss.
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Evaluating surveys of transparent governance. Errors in conference part, correct is:In UNDESA (United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs), 6th Global forum on reinventing government: towards participatory and transparent governance.Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Seoul, Republic of Korea Component:authorAndYear is miss.
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In UNDESA (United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs), 6th Global forum on reinventing government: towards participatory and transparent governance.Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Seoul, Republic of Korea Component:authorAndYear is miss.
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In UNDESA (United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs), 6th Global forum on reinventing government: towards participatory and transparent governance.Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Seoul, Republic of Korea Component:authorAndYear is miss.
12
Chaintreau,A. is missed. Chaiau,A. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &. Errors in conference part, correct is:In Proceedings of the 2005 ACM SIGCOMM workshop on Delay-tolerant networking (pp. Component:publisher is miss.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2005, August .  Errors in conference part, correct is:In Proceedings of the 2005 ACM SIGCOMM workshop on Delay-tolerant networking (pp. Component:publisher is miss.
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Pocket switched networks and human mobility in conference environments. Errors in conference part, correct is:In Proceedings of the 2005 ACM SIGCOMM workshop on Delay-tolerant networking (pp. Component:publisher is miss.
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In Proceedings of the 2005 ACM SIGCOMM workshop on Delay-tolerant networking (pp. Component:publisher is miss.
Errors in pages, correct is:pp. 244-251 Errors in conference part, correct is:In Proceedings of the 2005 ACM SIGCOMM workshop on Delay-tolerant networking (pp. Component:publisher is miss.
13
Demchenko,Y. is missed. Demchessnko,Y. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &. Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2013 International conference on collaboration technologies and systems (CTS).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2013, May .  Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2013 International conference on collaboration technologies and systems (CTS).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Addressing big data issues in scientific data infrastructure. Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2013 International conference on collaboration technologies and systems (CTS).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2013 International conference on collaboration technologies and systems (CTS).The order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
 Errors in conference part, correct is:In 2013 International conference on collaboration technologies and systems (CTS).Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:IEEEThe order of component of your citation is wrong. Correct order is: authorAndYear,tittle,conference,pages,publisher
14
Boyes,W.ed. is missed. Bos,W.ed. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2009 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Instrumentation reference book.
Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Butterworth-Heinemann
15
Baier,C. is missed. Bair,C. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2008 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Principles of model checking.
Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:MIT press
16
Campbell,J. is missed. Campbasdell,J. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2002 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Reference and consciousness.
Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Clarendon Press
17
Borel,B. is missed. Borasel,B. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2023 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:The Chicago guide to fact-checking.
Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:University of Chicago Press
18
Burkholder,C. is missed. Bulder,C. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2020 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:Fieldnotes in qualitative education and social science research.
Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:New York, NY: Routledge
Errors in DOI, correct is: https://doi. org/10.4324/9780429275821.
19
Michie,R. is missed. Mich,R. is not the author. Check that you are properly separating authors with commas and connecting the last two authors with and or &.
Publish year is wrong. Correct publish year is:2012 . 
Errors in tittle, correct tittle is:The London and New York Stock Exchanges 1850-1914 (Routledge Revivals).
Errors in publisher, correct publisher is:Routledge
Errors in DOI, correct is: https://doi.org/10.4324/9780203818510.
